afoolinschool/seeding.md (#91)
CodeforHawaii/uipa_org: data/seed/Seeding.md

the public body information from a CSV file.

```
$ python manage.py loaddata data/seed/YYYY-MM-DD-classification.json
$ python manage.py loaddata data/seed/YYYY-MM-DD-jurisdiction.json
$ python manage.py loaddata data/seed/YYYY-MM-DD-foilaw.json
```

> NOTE: The Classifications data has been extracted from the Classifications field in

> > the extract of public bodies from the production UIPA.org websiteon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the extract of public bodies from the production UIPA.org website on
```

Missing a space here

```

> NOTE: The Classifications data has been extracted from the Classifications field in
> the extract of public bodies from the production UIPA.org website.

> > You will need to update the json file date to the current set in data/seed.

Reviewer: I think these lines shouldn't be changed - I think lines 39-41 should be changed instead.
